docs: Add documentation about Spring AI integration (#1627)
JetBrains/koog: docs/docs/spring-ai-integration.md

# Spring AI Integration

Koog provides Spring AI integration starters that bridge Spring AI's model abstractions with the Koog agent framework.
If you already use Spring AI for model access, these starters let you plug Koog's agent orchestration on top —
without replacing your existing Spring AI configuration.

## How it differs from `koog-spring-boot-starter`

| | `koog-spring-boot-starter` | `koog-spring-ai` starters |
|---|---|---|
| **LLM transport** | Koog's own HTTP clients (one per provider: OpenAI, Anthropic, Google, etc.) | Delegates to Spring AI's `ChatModel` / `EmbeddingModel` — any provider that Spring AI supports works automatically |
| **Configuration** | `ai.koog.*` properties per provider | Standard `spring.ai.*` properties managed by Spring AI starters |
| **When to use** | You want Koog to manage LLM connections directly | You already use Spring AI for model access and want to plug Koog's agent orchestration on top |

> Both approaches are independent — pick one based on how you prefer to manage LLM connectivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both approaches are independent—pick one, or combine them, depending on how you prefer to manage LLM connectivity.
```

Author: The combination of two starters might be tricky: both of them register PromptExecutor bean, so without Primary annotation it won't work automatically.
